Add TCP+TLS Healthchecks (#18381)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/ecs/configuration-reference.mdx

| `status` | `string` | optional | Specifies the initial status the health check. Must be one of `passing`, `warning`, `critical`, `maintenance`, or `null`. |
| `successBeforePassing` | `integer` | optional | Specifies the number of consecutive successful results required before check status transitions to passing.  |
| `tcp` | `string` | optional | Specifies this is a TCP check. Must be an IP/hostname plus port to which a TCP connection is made every `interval`.  |
| `tcpUseTls` | `boolean` | optional | Specifies whether to use TLS for this TCP health check.  |
| `timeout` | `string` | optional | Specifies a timeout for outgoing connections. Applies to script, HTTP, TCP, UDP, and gRPC checks. Must be a duration string, such as `10s` or `5m`.  |
| `tlsServerName` | `string` | optional | Specifies an optional string used to set the SNI host when connecting via TLS.  |

> | `tlsSkipVerify` | `boolean` | optional | Specifies if the certificate for an HTTPS check should not be verified.  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `tlsSkipVerify` | `boolean` | optional | Determines if the check verifies the chain and hostname of the certificate presented by the server being checked. Set to `true` to disable verification. We recommend setting to `false` for production use. Default is `false`. Supported check types: `HTTP`, `H2Ping`, `gRPC`, and `TCP`|
```

| `status` | `string` | optional | Specifies the initial status the health check. Must be one of `passing`, `warning`, `critical`, `maintenance`, or `null`. |
| `successBeforePassing` | `integer` | optional | Specifies the number of consecutive successful results required before check status transitions to passing.  |
| `tcp` | `string` | optional | Specifies this is a TCP check. Must be an IP/hostname plus port to which a TCP connection is made every `interval`.  |
| `tcpUseTls` | `boolean` | optional | Specifies whether to use TLS for this `TCP` health check. If TLS is enabled, then by default, a valid TLS certificate is expected. Certificate verification can be disabled by setting `TLSSkipVerify` to `true`.  |
| `timeout` | `string` | optional | Specifies a timeout for outgoing connections. Applies to script, HTTP, TCP, UDP, and gRPC checks. Must be a duration string, such as `10s` or `5m`.  |
| `tlsServerName` | `string` | optional | Specifies an optional string used to set the SNI host when connecting via TLS.  |

> | `tlsSkipVerify` | `boolean` | optional | Determines if the check verifies the chain and hostname of the certificate presented by the server being checked. Set to `true` to disable verification. We recommend setting to `false` for production use. Default is `false`. Supported check types: `HTTP`, `H2Ping`, `gRPC`, and `TCP`|

Reviewer: My bad, use verbiage that's more consistent with the other lines in this file: 

```suggestion
| `tlsSkipVerify` | `boolean` | optional | Specifies if the check should verify the chain and hostname of the certificate presented by the server being checked. Set to `true` to disable verification. We recommend setting to `false` for production use. Default is `false`. Supported check types: `HTTP`, `H2Ping`, `gRPC`, and `TCP`|
```

> | `tlsSkipVerify` | `boolean` | optional | Determines if the check verifies the chain and hostname of the certificate presented by the server being checked. Set to `true` to disable verification. We recommend setting to `false` for production use. Default is `false`. Supported check types: `HTTP`, `H2Ping`, `gRPC`, and `TCP`|

Reviewer: My bad, use verbiage that's more consistent with the other lines in this file: 

```suggestion
| `tlsSkipVerify` | `boolean` | optional | Specifies if the check should verify the chain and hostname of the certificate presented by the server being checked. Set to `true` to disable verification. We recommend setting to `false` for production use. Default is `false`. Supported check types: `HTTP`, `H2Ping`, `gRPC`, and `TCP`|
```

> | `tlsSkipVerify` | `boolean` | optional | Specifies if the check should verify the chain and hostname of the certificate presented by the server being checked. Set to `true` to disable verification. We recommend setting to `false` for production use. Default is `false`. Supported check types: `HTTP`, `H2Ping`, `gRPC`, and `TCP`|

Reviewer 2: I am ok with this new wording, but I'll will have to defer to someone from our security posture to see what they think.
